README.md, before:

# Mono Web Docker image

This image provides the latest Docker release of the [Mono Project](http://www.mono-project.com/) to host ASP.NET Full Framework application under nginx or another server under proxy.   
  
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/junalmeida/mono-web.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/junalmeida/mono-web "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")  



## How to use this image

This image can be used to run web apps or build your projects in a container.

Please see the sample [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/blob/master/sample/docker-compose.yml) and [sample.webapp](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/blob/master/sample/pools/sample.webapp) on how to configure app pools.

## Issues

Please report issues on the [GitHub project](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/issues).

## License

This Docker Image is licensed with the Expat License. See the [Mono Project licensing FAQ](http://www.mono-project.com/docs/faq/licensing/) for details on how Mono and associated libraries are licensed.

Commit message:

Update README with project archiving notice
Added important note about project archiving due to .NET advancements.

README.md, after:

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This project is archived given the progress of the multi platform .NET, that already provides official docker images with web support.
> Take a look at official .NET docker offerings.


# Mono Web Docker image

This image provides the latest Docker release of the [Mono Project](http://www.mono-project.com/) to host ASP.NET Full Framework application under nginx or another server under proxy.   
  
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/junalmeida/mono-web.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/junalmeida/mono-web "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")  



## How to use this image

This image can be used to run web apps or build your projects in a container.

Please see the sample [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/blob/master/sample/docker-compose.yml) and [sample.webapp](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/blob/master/sample/pools/sample.webapp) on how to configure app pools.

## Issues

Please report issues on the [GitHub project](https://github.com/junalmeida/docker-mono-web/issues).

## License

This Docker Image is licensed with the Expat License. See the [Mono Project licensing FAQ](http://www.mono-project.com/docs/faq/licensing/) for details on how Mono and associated libraries are licensed.
